add example for docker usage (#1628)
meilisearch/documentation: learn/getting_started/quick_start.md

# Fetch the latest version of Meilisearch image from DockerHub
docker pull getmeili/meilisearch:v0.27.1

> # Launch Meilisearch with a master key and deactivate analytics

Author: ```suggestion
# Launch Meilisearch in development mode with a master key
```

docker run -it --rm \
    -p 7700:7700 \
    -e MEILI_MASTER_KEY='myMasterKey'\
    -v $(pwd)/meili_data:/meili_data \
    getmeili/meilisearch:latest

>     /meilisearch --no-analytics

Reviewer: I didn't follow the issue very closely during v0.27, but I thought [our official recommendation](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/issues/2235) was using `meilisearch` with Docker (so, no `/`)?

```suggestion
    meilisearch --no-analytics
```

Author: You're right!

>     meilisearch --no-analytics

Reviewer 2: This change might result in us losing some data from Docker users. How about we replace `--no-analytics` with `--env="development"`?

Also, have you tested this to be sure that it works?

Author: Yes I did

>     meilisearch --no-analytics

Author: ```suggestion
    meilisearch --env="development"
```
